There are three different data sets:

train.parquet.gzip
Meant to be used for the training of the statistical models.

test.parquet.gzip
Can be considered as future data and is meant to be predicted out-of-sample (i.e., aim is to achieve generalization in the training).

test_results.parquet.gzip
Contains the actual values to be predicted from test. Only meant for model evaluation and must not be used in the training or prediction processes. Exception is a dynamic prediction setup with a sliding window over the test data set, correponding to identical forecast horizons (see also exercise sheets).

All three are gzipped parquet files, which can be opened, e.g., with the pandas function read_parquet (needs pyarrow to be installed).


Description of variables:

P_ID
Identifier of the different products/articles.

L_ID
Identifier of the different locations/stores.

DATE
Date of the data of the given record. Together with P_ID and L_ID, uniquely identifies each record.

SALES
Aggregated daily sales of the given product in the given location at the given date.

PG_ID_1
Identifier of the highest level of the product group hierarchy, e.g., food or beverages.

PG_ID_2
Identifier of the second highest level of the product group hierarchy, e.g., sweets or vegetables.

PG_ID_3
Identifier of the lowest level of the product group hierarchy, e.g., apples or bananas.

NORMAL_PRICE
Usual, unreduced price of the product-location-date combination at hand. Not necessarily the actual sales price (in case of a price reduction).

SALES_PRICE
Actual, potentially reduced, price of the product-location-date combination at hand.

PROMOTION_TYPE
Values indicating no promotion (0) or two different typess of promotions (1 and 2) for the product-location-date combination at hand.

SALES_AREA
Size of the given store in square meters.

EVENT
Name of a holiday occuring on the given date in the region of the given location.

SCHOOL_HOLIDAY
Boolean flag indicating if the given date is a school holiday in the region of the given location.

